Introduction:

Background
A small ramen shop owner located in central Manhattan, New York has just saved a large sum of money from selling ramen. This realizes the success he received in this area of the city was because of the authenticity, quality, price and overall experience that the customers have when dining at his shop. Due to these factors and being located in a highly dense place such as Manhattan and maintaining a strong reputation for the quality of the food being served, he believes he can achieve similar levels of success in other locations in New York. He notices that his sales hit their peak during lunch time due to a large amount of businesses located near his shop. Furthermore, his shop is located near a subway station which makes it readily accessible to individuals who are staying / working further away. With his savings now large enough to open another shop, he is looking to expand his business. 

Description of the Problem
With factors such as taste, quality of food, authenticity and price of the food remaining the same, the shop owner wants to at the very least achieve similar levels of sale (ideally the goal would be to outsell his current shop). With this being said what location is ideal for him to open up shop at? And what factors would deem a location ideal for a ramen business. The shop owner wants to better understand the demographics of the customers visiting his shop. Doing this he can create an environment that is best suitable for the demographic. In doing so, he will achieve similar levels of sales, improve restaurant ratings and create a loyal customer base. 

Approach
For the restaurant owner to maintain / improve his sales, we can use the Four Square API to analyze location based data in New York. From the dataset we would want to identify the following things:
•	Gender and age group of customers & inhabitants visiting certain areas
•	The frequency and time of visits from the area’s inhabitants
•	The available reviews of the neighborhood 
Based on these factors we can identify a location which is frequently visited, in an enjoyable neighborhood and be able to create an environment that is ideal to the age group of the possible customers visiting the area. Creating this positive and engaging environment at the restaurant should encourage the customers to write positive reviews and aid in essentially marketing the restaurant.

Data Collection & Cleaning

Collection
The data can be easily access through the Four Square API. The data will focus on the latitude and longitude of subway station in New York and the various restaurants and businesses located near the station. The subway location dataset can be accessed from here: https://data.cityofnewyork.us/api/views/kk4q-3rt2/rows.csv?accessType=DOWNLOAD  which can be retrieved from http://web.mta.info/nyct/service/. 

Cleaning
The dataset will be segmented into sectors for the various subway stations in NYC. Following that I was able to identify the names, latitude and longitude of the locations. Following that, from importing the Four Square API for NYC we can identify and visualize the subway location and name based on the latitude and longitudes. Then we are able to identify various restaurants and businesses in a small radius of the subway station. Finally we are able to see the unique locations after removing repeated venues that were in the same radius of multiple subway stations. 
